## 1. Services

- 1.1 These Shalla-Chess Terms of Service (these “Terms”) apply to the features and functions provided by Functional Software, Inc. (“Shalla-Chess,” “our,” or “we”) via Shalla-Chess.com (the “Site”) (collectively, the “Services”). By accessing or using the Site or the Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you are not allowed to use the Site or the Services. The “Effective Date” of these Terms is the date you first use the Site, or access any of the Services.

- 1.2 If you are using the Site or accessing the Services in your capacity as an employee, consultant or agent of a company or other entity, you represent that you are an employee, consultant or agent of that company or entity, and that you have the authority to bind that company or entity to these Terms. For the purpose of these Terms, you (and, if applicable, the company or entity that you represent) will be referred to as “Customer” or “you”.

- 1.3 Shalla-Chess reserves the right to change or modify these Terms, or any of our other policies or guidelines, at any time upon notice to you. We may provide that notice in a variety of ways, including, without limitation, sending you an email, posting a notice on the Site, or posting the revised Terms on the Site and revising the date at the top of these Terms. Any changes or modifications will be effective after we provide notice that these Terms have been modified. You acknowledge that your continued use of the Site or any of the Services following such notice constitutes your acceptance of the modified Terms.

- 1.4 Shalla-Chess reserves the right – at any time, and without notice or liability to you – to modify the Site or the Services, or any part of them, temporarily or permanently. We may modify the Services for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, for the purpose of providing new features, implementing new protocols, maintaining compatibility with emerging standards, or complying with regulatory requirements.

- 1.5 These Terms form a binding agreement between you and Shalla-Chess. Violation of any of the Terms below will result in the termination of your account(s).

## 2. Registration

- 2.1 In order to use many aspects of the Services, you must first complete the Shalla-Chess registration process via the Site. During the registration process, you will be asked to select a package to access the Services (each, a “Plan”), which includes: (a) the period during which you can access the Services (the “Subscription Period”); and (b) the fee you must pay to Shalla-Chess in exchange for your right to access the Services (the “Subscription Fees”). All such information is incorporated into these Terms by reference. We have several different types of paid Plans, as well as a free Plan, for which there are no Subscription Fees. One person or legal entity may not sign up for more than one free Plan.

- 2.2 You agree: (a) to provide accurate, current and complete information about you as part of the registration process (“Registration Data”); (b) to maintain the security of your password(s); (c) to maintain and promptly update your Registration Data, and any other information you provide to Shalla-Chess, and to keep it accurate, current and complete; (d) to accept all risks of unauthorized access to your Registration Data, and any other information you provide to Shalla-Chess, via your account(s) or password(s); (e) that you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and safeguarding your password(s), and (f) that you will be fully responsible for any activities or transactions that take place using your account(s) or password(s), even if you were not aware of them.

## 3. Access to services

Subject to your continued compliance with these Terms, Shalla-Chess grants you a limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable right and license to: (i) access and use the Services and its associated documentation, solely for your own internal business purposes, for the Subscription Period for which you have paid the applicable Subscription Fees; and (ii) access and use any data or reports that we provide or make available to you as part of your access and use of the Services (collectively, “Reports”), solely in conjunction with your use of the Services. Reports are considered part of the applicable Services, for the purpose of the license granted above. You understand that Shalla-Chess uses third-party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to provide the Services, and you agree that Shalla-Chess is not and will not be liable or responsible for the acts or omissions of such third-party vendors or hosting partners.

## 4. Restrictions

Except as expressly authorized by these Terms, you may not: (a) modify, disclose, alter, translate or create derivative works of the Site or the Services; (b) license, sublicense, resell, distribute, lease, rent, lend, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of the Services or any Report (or any components thereof); (c) offer any part of the Services (including, without limitation, any Report) on a timeshare or service bureau basis; (c) allow or permit any third party to access or use the Services; (d) use the Site or the Services to store or transmit any viruses, software routines, or other code designed to permit anyone to access in an unauthorized manner, disable, erase or otherwise harm software, hardware, or data, or to perform any other harmful actions; (e) build a competitive product or service, or copy any features or functions of the Site or the Services (including, without limitation, the look-and-feel of the Site or the Services); (f) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the Site or the Services;&nbsp;(g) disclose to any third party any performance information or analysis relating to the Site or the Services; (h) remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notices in or on the Site or the Services, including copyright notices; (i) use the Site or the Services or any product thereof for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, or in a manner which violates any laws or regulations in your jurisdiction; (j) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code, object code, or underlying structure, ideas, or algorithms that make up the Services or any software, documentation, or data relating to the Services, except to the limited extent that applicable law prohibits such a restriction; or (k) cause or permit any third party to do any of the foregoing.


## 5. DISCLAIMER

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE SITE AND THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS”, “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. ARGOS DOES NOT WARRANT: (I) THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS, (II) THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (III) THAT THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, (IV) THAT THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL THAT YOU PURCHASE OR OBTAIN THROUGH THE SITE OR THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, OR (V) THAT ANY ERRORS IN THE SITE OR THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. ARGOS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

## 5. Indemnification obligations

You agree, at your sole expense, to defend, indemnify and hold Shalla-Chess (and its directors, officers, employees, consultants and agents) harmless from and against any and all actual or threatened suits, actions, proceedings (whether at law or in equity), claims, damages, payments, deficiencies, fines, judgments, settlements, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs, penalties, interest and disbursements) arising out of or relating to (i) your Content; (ii) your use of the Site or the Services; (iii) your failure to pay any taxes that you owe under these Terms; and (iv) any other actual or alleged breach of any of your obligations under these Terms (including, among other things, any actual or alleged breach of any of your representations or warranties as set forth herein). You will not settle any such claim in any manner that would require Shalla-Chess to pay money or admit wrongdoing of any kind without our prior written consent, which we may withhold in our sole discretion.

## 6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

- 10.1 IN NO EVENT WILL ARGOS’S TOTAL, AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE OF (OR INABILITY TO USE) ANY PART OF THE SITE OR THE SERVICES EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT YOU ACTUALLY PAID TO ARGOS IN SUBSCRIPTION FEES FOR THE SERVICES DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE ACCRUAL OF THE FIRST CLAIM. MULTIPLE CLAIMS WILL NOT EXPAND THIS LIMITATION.

- 10.2 IN NO EVENT WILL ARGOS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF DATA, OR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR YOUR USE (OR INABILITY TO USE) ANY PART OF THE SITE OR THE SERVICES, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OR ARE OTHERWISE AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

- 10.3 THIS SECTION (LIMITATION OF LIABILITY) WILL BE GIVEN FULL EFFECT EVEN IF ANY REMEDY SPECIFIED IN THESE TERMS IS DEEMED TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

## 7. Support

- 13.1 If you are subscribed to a paid Plan, Shalla-Chess will provide you with email-based support – just write to our support desk at [support@shalla-chess.com](mailto:support@shalla-Chess.com). While we work hard to respond to you and resolve your issues quickly, we do not warrant that we will respond within any particular timeframe, or that we will be able to resolve your issue. If you are subscribed to a free Plan, while you are welcome to email us your questions, we encourage you to visit our community forum which can provide valuable information to help answer your questions.


## 8. Trademarks

You acknowledge and agree that any Shalla-Chess names, trademarks, service marks, logos, trade dress, or other branding included on the Site or as part of the Services (collectively, the “Marks”) are owned by Shalla-Chess and may not be copied, imitated, or used (in whole or in part) without Shalla-Chess’s prior written consent. All other trademarks, names, or logos referenced on the Site or the Services (collectively, “Third-Party Trademarks”) are the property of their respective owners, and the use of such Third-Party Trademarks inure to the benefit of their respective owners. The use of such Third-Party Trademarks is intended to denote interoperability, and does not constitute an affiliation by Shalla-Chess or its licensors with any company or an endorsement or approval by that company of Shalla-Chess, its licensors, or their respective products or services.
